question time with Duncan
how come blow job is in the dictionary but hand job isn't???
that's an easy question!!!
the reason why hand job isn't in the dictionary is because
they suck!!!
do you like vocaloid???
what's your favorite Kamen Rider henshin pose??? can you do it for us???
doing this when you're 27 is just sad....
i will be taking a cold shower after this...
i can't sleep recently what should i do?
take some sleeping pills
what are your favorite movies???
these are my favorites from my (very small) DVD collection
what's your favorite movie?
i am the one who has kept the darkness from you
i am the one who has trapped the darkness in my right eye!!!
it is because of me you live
bow to the master mwhahahahahahahaha
...thanks
do you bend easy???
do you like Michael Jackson?
yeah, i love MJ
i have Thriller, Off The Wall and Bad somewhere in my collection
i can also do an impersonation of him
do you know where i kind some little boys???
do you know where i can find some little boys ripe for picking???
i'm sorry MJ